only only only only on Mount Rushmore
what's up guys and your thought like why
why do we need a big mountain with faces
carved into it like what if Abraham
Lincoln turned out to be a pedophile
SuperBass what on what if a burly who
was a pedophile let's just put that out
there let's say he was a fucking
pedophile on ebay little boys you zag a
pedophile that's even worse right they
were that like not cool to call
pedophiles gay pet policy well we're a
pedophile but don't call skate like do
we need to go up there like let's say
one of those dudes we found out in
history of one of those dudes was just
not cool okay do we go up there to my
chiseled face down or like add in
different facial features or try to find
someone has similar facial features and
change I don't just things you think
about um but what I think about is I
like the austerity advanced warfare DLC
I really like this there's a grappling
hook playlist and it's exactly what you
think super fast what I it's literally
you have a grappling hook and you true
you then you spider-man across the map I
think it's fucking dope guys i just got
back from call of duty championships and
it was a very very weird event when i go
to these events I've says many times
before I don't necessary go for the
event whether it be an e3 a pax and OMG
MLG call of duty championships adultcon
whatever whatever i'm going to i don't
really go for the events I don't like
being inside they always have the
offense at nice places i don't like be
inside in nice places the california
weather was amazing but it was very very
different experience this time partly
because i like the events where it takes
place in like a hotel des convention
center because you can walk out of your
room in slippers and in basketball
shorts just walk down the event watch it
see what's going on hey anybody want to
kick it ok we'll meet me at my hotel
room in your hotel room whatever but
that was different what it wasn't like
that way and i actually like that
because i like the social aspect of
strebel kill of these events you know
now also because it was such an ordeal
for some reason the security was stupid
high and
also uh david vonderhaar was there and
he had a security guard with of my
tailing him but always like three steps
back I'm just like really dude like I
don't like I know people probably sent
you death threats or something but don't
take it to heart bro don't take it to
heart we're not gonna fuck your mom like
david von hard snap dude to call his mom
be like mom stay inside the cod champs
because I got a Reaper 420 laxative xxxx
just send me a message saying that he
was gonna rape rape you mom so you
should probably say it like it's a
little ridiculous sorry Dave but I have
a suggestion for David vana her and this
is probably gonna fall on deaf ears but
this is just my brain it's just thinking
okay when you're watching call of duty
eSports competitive play right what they
have is they have a little thing the
corner that will sail it'll be like red
be like phase read whatever dude's name
is or the earth like it would be red or
blue which is standard vs. colors right
well what I think they should do is they
should make a blue version of an optic
camo and a red version of an optic camo
and do this for every team right have
them make a camo ok there's so much
money being pumped into college eee
sports this will literally make it more
enjoyable for people to watching it's a
little thing okay it's a little things
that mac and i know that they did this
in counter-strike and I'm you know I
people it is gamma strike well that's
fucking working why can't we take good
ideas and use them okay I don't see what
the problem is with that now um so what
we do is basically each team has their
own camels like a blue version a red
version okay and then you put the
fucking logo on the butts of the gun
okay so there's an optic logo there's a
phase little this is an aisle logo
they're all the teams alright so when
you're spectating when you're watching
on the screen instead of having to
divert your eyes to the left hand corner
you can just be like oh that's an
eight-shot plate maybe taking one step
further with the facial scans cuz that'd
be cool to actually see when you know
denial shooting nadeshot or whatever you
actually see his face on there I think
they'd be dope just my thoughts let me
know what you guys think about the new
deal see I thought it was dope I had to
rebuy it fuck the season pass ain't
working all he's like peace and bucks